# LTTQ
Subject project - IT008

Welcome to your Unity project! This README file is intended to provide an overview of your project and its contents.

Project structure
The root directory of your project contains the following directories and files:

/Assets/: This directory contains all of the assets for your project, including scripts, textures, models, and audio files.
/Library/: This directory contains various files generated by Unity, such as the meta data for assets.
.gitignore: This file specifies which files and directories should be ignored by Git and not committed to the repository.
README.md: This file provides an overview of your project and its contents.
Ignored files and directories
Git is configured to ignore certain files and directories in your project, as specified in the .gitignore file. The following files and directories are ignored by Git:

/Library/
/Temp/
/Obj/
/Build/
/Builds/
/Logs/
/UserSettings/
/MemoryCaptures/
/Recordings/
/Assets/AssetStoreTools*
/Assets/Plugins/Editor/JetBrains*
.vs/
.gradle/
ExportedObj/
.consulo/
*.csproj
*.unityproj
*.sln
*.suo
*.tmp
*.user
*.userprefs
*.pidb
*.booproj
*.svd
*.pdb
*.mdb
*.opendb
*.VC.db
*.pidb.meta
*.pdb.meta
*.mdb.meta
sysinfo.txt
*.apk
*.aab
*.unitypackage
*.app
crashlytics-build.properties
/Assets/AddressableAssetsData/*/*.bin*
/Assets/StreamingAssets/aa.meta
/Assets/StreamingAssets/aa/*
Contributing
If you would like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request. We appreciate your contributions!

To pull this project and test it on your machine. You need to create a Unity Project at version 2021.3.10f1, then you can pull this project down and use it.

This project is for studying, not for commercial purpose.
